Update cert.mdx (#22076)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/cert.mdx

- `name` `(string: <required>)` - The name of the CRL.

> - `crl` `(string: <required>)` - The PEM format CRL.

Reviewer: Please remove the existing `crl` line

Author: Done.
Now it is looking good.

- `name` `(string: <required>)` - The name of the CRL.
- `crl` `(string: <required>)` - The PEM format CRL.

> - `url` `(string: <required>)` - The URL of a CRL distribution point.

Reviewer: Technically we need to specify either `crl` or `url` not both. Looking at the code atm we prefer `crl` over `url` if both are specified. 

@schavis do we have a preferred style on how to specify parameter requirements when we require one or the other but not both?

```suggestion
- `crl` `(string: "")` - The PEM format CRL.
- `url` `(string: "")` - The URL of a CRL distribution point.

**Note**: Either 'crl' or 'url' parameters must be provided, if both are provided, 'crl' is used.
```
